This folder contains test runs of CFETR NBI simulations on shenma cluster 
(login 110 environment). All three cases have been run without error but 
also without physical and numerical checking.

============================= Necessary files ============================
1. Data files from CFETR design : Include a matlab file and a g EQDSK file
    (1). The CFETR hybrid scenario : CFETR_HybriD.mat, gfile_Hybrid
        Ref : Jiale Chen et al 2021 Nucl. Fusion 61 046002
    (2). The CFETR steady state scenario : CFETR_Steady.mat, gfile_Steady
        Ref : Phys. Plasmas 29, 022505 (2022); doi: 10.1063/5.0076542
    Please consult authors of the references to get these files.
    Note : gfile_Hybrid is also required for CQL3D run.
2. frsetup_fiducial_pivot_geometry.svg : a picture generated by 
    GPT-5.4-Codex to illustrate controlling parameters of the freya 
    module.
3. MATLAB R2024a files for physical consideration of cqlinput settings : 
    run 'Set_CFETR_Profiles.m' and 'CQLinput_Prep.m' to get suggestions 
    of cqlinput settings
4. Input files for CQL3D
    (1). cqlinput_NB_transport : use freya to calculate the NBI source 
        and then calculate the radial transport.
    (2). cqlinput_NB_slowingdown : NBI source data manually given in
        this cqlinput. Transport off.
    (3). cqlinput_NB_LHW : NBI source data manually given in this 
        cqlinput. RF modole on to simulate the Q.L. diffusion caused by
        LHWs. 'CFETR_4.6G.nc' is required as RF data input.
    (4). cqlinput_NB_freya : unable to run. Tried to run all the 
        processes in the 3 cases above (source by freya), as well as 
        the slowing-down, Q.L. diffusion and radial transport of alpha 
        particles (sources in cqlinput), and the Q.L. diffusion of 
        electrons simutanuously. Such processes are not able to run in 
        an identical case because of the limitations of CQL3D source 
        code.
========================= End of Necessary files ======================== 